SysML 2.0 is a successor of SysML that refines the concepts of SysML and improves and enhances its notational syntax. The improved syntax of the new version of systems modeling language consists of variations, quantities and units along with complex statements and expressions through its textual as well as graphical notations. SysML 2.0 is less ambiguous and provides improved modeling aids to systems engineers. SysML 2.0 is a successor of SysML that refines the concepts of SysML and improves and enhances its notational syntax. The improved syntax of the new version of systems modeling language consists of variations, quantities and units along with complex statements and expressions through its textual as well as graphical notations. SysML 2.0 is less ambiguous and provides improved modeling aids to systems engineers. SysML 2.0 is a successor of SysML that refines the concepts of SysML and improves and enhances its notational syntax. The improved syntax of the new version of systems modeling language consists of variations, quantities and units along with complex statements and expressions through its textual as well as graphical notations. SysML 2.0 is less ambiguous and provides improved modeling aids to systems engineers. SysML 2.0 is a successor of SysML that refines the concepts of SysML and improves and enhances its notational syntax. The improved syntax of the new version of systems modeling language consists of variations, quantities and units along with complex statements and expressions through its textual as well as graphical notations. SysML 2.0 is less ambiguous and provides improved modeling aids to systems engineers. SysML 2.0 is a successor of SysML that refines the concepts of SysML and improves and enhances its notational syntax. The improved syntax of the new version of systems modeling language consists of variations, quantities and units along with complex statements and expressions through its textual as well as graphical notations. SysML 2.0 is less ambiguous and provides improved modeling aids to systems engineers XXX.

